Add the shirokov inverse (#373)
pygae/clifford: docs/changelog.rst

 * Where possible, ``MultiVector``\ s preserve their data type in the dual, and
   the right and left complements.

>  * The default multivector inverse method is now the arbitrary signature algorithm described
>    in Theorem 4, page 16 of Dmitry Shirokov's ICCA 2020 paper :cite:`shirokov2020inverse`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * A new multivector inverse method is available, :meth:`clifford.MultiVector.shirokov_inverse`,
   which is thethe arbitrary signature algorithm described
   in Theorem 4, page 16 of Dmitry Shirokov's ICCA 2020 paper :cite:`shirokov2020inverse`.
```
